ON-15695: improve developer documentation (#53)
Xilinx-CNS/tcpdirect: CONTRIBUTING.md

# Contributing guidelines

Thank you for taking your time to improve TCPDirect. We would appreciate if you
follow the contributing guidelines to make review of changes easier.

## Submitting changes

1. Fork TCPDirect repository on https://github.com/Xilinx-CNS/tcpdirect
2. Make local short-lived branch off of public master.
3. Develop on branch locally. Please describe the changes you have made in
the commit messages.
4. Try to follow the coding conventions used in the files you edit.
5. Push branch to your fork of TCPDirect repository.

> 6. Create a new Pull Request. Please describe what testing you have done.

Reviewer: It can't hurt - at the very least these will be run by github actions now so could be verified anyway.

# Contributing guidelines

Thank you for taking your time to improve TCPDirect. We would appreciate if you
follow the contributing guidelines to make review of changes easier.

## Submitting changes

1. Fork TCPDirect repository on https://github.com/Xilinx-CNS/tcpdirect
2. Make local short-lived branch off of public master.
3. Develop on branch locally. Please describe the changes you have made in
the commit messages.
4. Try to follow the coding conventions used in the files you edit.

> 5. Check that the TCPDirect Unit Tests pass. See
> https://github.com/Xilinx-CNS/tcpdirect?tab=readme-ov-file#how-to-run-unit-tests

Reviewer: I think this might become immediately stale when this is merged in as it's been moved to DEVELOPING.md by this change!

As an extension, I wonder if markdown links might give a more desirable result for local consumers of the documentation, e.g.:
```suggestion
5. Check that the TCPDirect Unit Tests pass. See [DEVELOPING.md # How to run unit tests](./DEVELOPING.md#how-to-run-unit-tests)
for further instructions.
```
Would be good to double check this on a fork before merge though.

Author: Good spot. Looks like your suggestion works - see https://github.com/matthewr-xilinx/tcpdirect/blob/ON-15695/CONTRIBUTING.md for a preview.
